mimir.rules.kubernetes: Add support for clustered mode (#669)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/mimir.rules.kubernetes.md

[Role-based access control (RBAC)]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/
{{< /admonition >}}

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> Since version 1.1, this component supports [clustered mode][]. When using this component as part

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} version 1.1 and higher supports [clustered mode][] in this component. When you use this component as part
```
